React provides a base component class that we can use to
group many elements together and use them as if they were one element.
You could think about React components as
the factories that we use to create React elements.
So, by building custom components or classes,
we can easily generate our own custom elements.
So, I'm going to create a new class.
I will call it my ContactList and I'm going to extend React.Component.
Now, the only method that is actually required in a class is called a render.
And it renders job to return the GSX or the elements that this component renders.
So, when we render a contact list,
what we're going to render is this entire OL and all of the list items inside of it.
Now, instead of rendering this element,
we will render our contact list element instead.
So, by grouping together all of these elements into a single component,
we could render them and treat them as if they were a single element.